Migrate Documentation > User manual MDX content (#6240)
line/armeria: site-new/docs/client/service-discovery.mdx

- [Endpoint](type) represents an individual host (with an optional port number) and its weight.
- [EndpointGroup](type) represents a set of [Endpoint](typeplural).
- A user specifies an [EndpointGroup](type) when building a client.

## Creating an `EndpointGroup`

There are various [EndpointGroup](type) implementations provided out of the box, but let's start simple with
[EndpointGroup](type) which always yields a pre-defined set of [Endpoint](typeplural) specified at construction
time:

```java
import com.linecorp.armeria.client.Endpoint;
import com.linecorp.armeria.client.endpoint.EndpointGroup;

// Create a group of well-known search engine endpoints.
EndpointGroup searchEngineGroup = EndpointGroup.of(
        Endpoint.of("www.google.com", 443),
        Endpoint.of("www.bing.com", 443),
        Endpoint.of("duckduckgo.com", 443));

List<Endpoint> endpoints = searchEngineGroup.endpoints();
assert endpoints.contains(Endpoint.of("www.google.com", 443));
assert endpoints.contains(Endpoint.of("www.bing.com", 443));
assert endpoints.contains(Endpoint.of("duckduckgo.com", 443));
```

## Choosing an `EndpointSelectionStrategy`

> An [EndpointGroup](type) is created with `EndpointSelectionStrategy.weightedRoundRobin()` by default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [EndpointGroup](type) is created with [EndpointSelectionStrategy#weightedRoundRobin()](type) by default,
```

unless specified otherwise. Armeria currently provides the following [EndpointSelectionStrategy](type)
implementations out-of-the-box:

> - `EndpointSelectionStrategy.weightedRoundRobin` for weighted round robin.
> - `EndpointSelectionStrategy.roundRobin` for round robin.
> - [StickyEndpointSelectionStrategy](type) for pinning requests based on a criteria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EndpointSelectionStrategy#weightedRoundRobin()](type) for weighted round robin.
- [EndpointSelectionStrategy#roundRobin()](type) for round robin.
- [EndpointSelectionStrategy#sticky(ToLongFunction)](type) for pinning requests based on a criteria
```
